zsh-users/zsh-completions

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
# ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ssh-agent
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/dirpersist
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/last-working-dir
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/taskwarrior
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fasd
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/mix
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/asdf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colorize
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/extract
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/alias-finder
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/asdf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copydir
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fancy-ctrl-z
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npx
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pass
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rsync
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/shrink-path
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ubuntu
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zsh_reload
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/common-aliases

# Theme
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:themes/agnoster.zsh-theme

zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
oknowton/zsh-dwim
heroku/heroku
djui/alias-tips
zsh-users/zaw
smallhadroncollider/antigen-git-rebase
caarlos0/zsh-pg
caarlos0/zsh-git-sync kind:path
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
